So let's go write the.
That is going to remove the courses from the local storage if you're up in the project.
You can see for example that we have these remove course Farjeon.
This one is going to remove the contents from the shopping cart or from the remove from the dorm.
We need to create a function that is going to remove from the local storage and here.
We're going to create barabar are two different Marable's scores and scores really like these because
we need to access the ivy and you can see that here we have an ivy.
So it's going to be easier to remove something using a navy instead of looking for the title in the
last chapter we build a project where you can see the functionality to remove this from the title.
But in this case I'm going to use this havey so fierce I'm going to cancel the lot.
Those variables cancel that course.
Fears.
And we're going to end right here where we remove the elements.
We're going to of course is going to be cuts to either.
Remember each target is going to read these.
And that is removing everything.
So why not use traversing that element by element is going to restore the cores that Westra more so
that bad is going to be there.
And we're going to send these to the consumer.
So really click here up open the console and you can see we have this table row and these contains all
the data that was hit on the on the shopping cart.
So with this information you can see if I open these we have that data and that Id we're going to remove
these in that ID and we have this information into the cause we're going to use cars these are going
to be close to cars and then select or whatever equity they incurred.
And from that we're going to get attribute we're going to pass that ID.
This is going to be added into the cars and we're going to send this into the console.
So and these and I you can see we have number one.
So we're going to see in that play the Disney function remote of course look at storage going up as
of course the so we need to create create dysfunction and remove cars from local storage I'm going to
add these great here.
Fun show on dream of on a stopwatch.
It's going to take an avi so race you not going out from look at a storage and race here and and again
we're going to call the function this one get courses from localised touch these days right here.
Get there and look at the storage data and then get it going to loop through the array and find the
index to remove.
So it's going to be like this.
Garces is for each function and we can pass for example the cars local storage and remember that we're
going to use splice So we are going to need the index then going up.
Yves and these one should be close in shrubby right here.
The for statement.
So we're going to leave the course of course it is.
So we're checking these.
And if take a look for an application you can see that this is an object so we need to access these
ID so we're going to be cursus unless an adult ID is equal to the size that we're passing and we get
from these codes.
In case this is true we're going to have courses.
There were three courses local storage.
And you can see that here we have the name in singular We have the name in plural.
This name comes from this function and we're going to have to splice splice.
Then we pass the index and we want to remove only one item so save this.
And this is going to take away from this stretch but I'm going to bring that array into the consulate
courses.
Ellis should be in plural.
So save these.
Open the console and open the shopping cart.
Click here and you can see that.
Now we have a named theory so let's add for example another one let's add two more courses.
We're going to have those all around when I click here.
You can see we have two angle here and we're going to happen on you Gwen.
So this is working fine.
So from here we're going to have the rest of the array.
Now we can take away this item we need to add this into the storage set item courses in blowdown and
then J-Zone dot estranging fi and we're going to pass the courses.
You look at the storage which is the complete array so these you can see that we have three different
items so let's remove these and these and reload and you can see that the card is empty because I added
the same course twice.
So in one of these these these.
So now you can see we have three different courses.
Reload these and you can continue the same three courses.
Of these when one cooking course reload these and you can see that we continue having these two courses.
So remove these when reload you can you can see that this is working fine.
So finally you don't get caught.
And this is going to remove everything from the shopping cart.
So now you can see that this was a more complex example.
But I think that you got to be very proud of this work that we have made into this break.
So in the next week let's see another break that is going to contain more than miscreated.
And let's look at a stretch.
So let's continue working in the next video.